# SNHU_CS255
**Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
What did you do particularly well?**
DriverPass was a system for driving students to have an online learning management tool to take driving courses from instructors. It provide an online dashboard for course materials as well as a reservation system to schedule driving practice sessions with instructors. The portion I think I did well was the UML diagrams for a few use cases.
**If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?**
One of the items we were asked was to provide security recommendations for the system. Truth be told I don't know much about network security at this point in my course work so I think there is a lot to be expanded on there. Similarly, the administration of a database like this is also a something I don't have experience with but one of the requirements was high uptime for users to access the system on their own timelines.
**How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?**
We started by listing out all the requirements the system needed and delving into expanding and defining those into a whole system. This process was necessary to ensure the system we create actually functions for our users and fulfills their needs.
**How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?**
When I design software now I start by listening the the client and identifying what requirements they have already. Then I would carry on the conversation to get more details and perhaps uncover some requirements that weren't initially listed because they were overlooked or the client didn't know to ask about them. From there I would design out a system and have another conversation with the client to ensure they agree it fulfills the requirements laid out and refine it if need be. Once that's confirmed, those designed get flesh out into software planning like UML class diagrams to reference during the process and keep the team on the same page. Finally, we can start creating the system following our plans and then confirm it with the client once complete. After that we enter maintenance and improvements to the software as needed.
